Refactor documentation (#800)
minio/directpv: docs/drive-management.md

```

Refer [discover command](./command-reference.md#discover-command) and [init command](./command-reference.md#init-command) for more information.

## List drives
To get information of drives from DirectPV, just run `list drives` command. Below is an example

```sh
$ kubectl directpv list drives
┌────────┬──────┬──────┬─────────┬─────────┬─────────┬────────┐
│ NODE   │ NAME │ MAKE │ SIZE    │ FREE    │ VOLUMES │ STATUS │
├────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼─────────┼─────────┼────────┤
│ master │ vdb  │ -    │ 512 MiB │ 506 MiB │ -       │ Ready  │
│ node1  │ vdb  │ -    │ 512 MiB │ 506 MiB │ -       │ Ready  │
└────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴─────────┴─────────┴────────┘
```

Refer [list drives command](./command-reference.md#drives-command) for more information.

## Label drives
Drives are labeled to set custom tagging which can be used in volume provisioning. Below is an example
```sh
# Set label 'tier' key to 'hot' value.
$ kubectl directpv label drives tiet=hot

# Remove label 'tier'.
$ kubectl directpv label drives tier-
```

Refer [label drives command](./command-reference.md#drives-command-1) for more information.

## Replace drive

> Faulty drive can be replaced with a new drive on a same node. In this process, all volumes in the faulty drive are moved to the new drive then faulty drive is removed from DirectPV. Currently DirectPV does not support moving volume data to the new drive. Use [replace.sh](./tools/replace.sh) script to perform drive replacement. Below is an example

Author: Data associated to volumes on the faulty drive are not moved to new drive in this process. We do not have the support yet. Volume definitions/specs are stored in Kubernetes, not in the drive.

> Faulty drive can be replaced with a new drive on a same node. In this process, all volumes in the faulty drive are moved to the new drive then faulty drive is removed from DirectPV. Currently DirectPV does not support moving volume data to the new drive. Use [replace.sh](./tools/replace.sh) script to perform drive replacement. Below is an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace a faulty drive with a new drive on a same node. In this process, all volumes in the faulty drive are moved to the new drive then faulty drive is removed from DirectPV. Currently, DirectPV does not support moving data on the volume to the new drive. Use [replace.sh](./tools/replace.sh) script to perform drive replacement. Below is an example:
```

> Faulty drive can be replaced with a new drive on a same node. In this process, all volumes in the faulty drive are moved to the new drive then faulty drive is removed from DirectPV. Currently DirectPV does not support moving volume data to the new drive. Use [replace.sh](./tools/replace.sh) script to perform drive replacement. Below is an example

Author: Done

```sh
# Replace 'sdd' drive by 'sdf' drive on 'node1' node
$ replace.sh sdd sdf node1
```

## Remove drives

> Drives they are not part of any volume can be removed. Below is an example

Author: No. Drive contains many different volumes, but a volume is in one drive.

> Drives they are not part of any volume can be removed. Below is an example

Reviewer: So then would this be accurate?

```suggestion
Drives that do not contain any volumes can be removed. Below is an example:
```

> Drives they are not part of any volume can be removed. Below is an example

Author: Done

# Drive management

## Prerequisites
* Working DirectPV plugin. To install the plugin, refer to the [plugin installation guide](./installation.md#directpv-plugin-installation).
* Working DirectPV CSI driver in Kubernetes. To install the driver, refer to the [driver installation guide](./installation.md#directpv-csi-driver-installation).

## Add drives
Drives are added to DirectPV to provision volumes. This involves a two step process as shown below.

> 1. Run `discover` command - `discover` command probes eligible drives from DirectPV nodes and stores drive information in a YAML file. You should carefully examine the YAML file and set the `select` field to `yes` or `no` value to indicate drive selection. `select` field is set to `yes` value by default. Below is an example of the `discover` command:

Reviewer 2: Can we also mention about the `--drives` and `--nodes` selector flags here? They can review `drives.yaml` optionally if they want. Instead, the table that we show would be useful for the review here.

Author: Actually these flags are explained `command reference guide`. However reviewing `drives.yaml` by the user must be done even these flags are used. Because drive state might change at the time of fetching the information.

├─────────────────────┼────────┼───────┼─────────┼────────────┼──────┼───────────┼─────────────┤
│ 252:16$ud8mwCjPT... │ master │ vdb   │ 512 MiB │ -          │ -    │ YES       │ -           │
│ 252:16$gGz4UIuBj... │ node1  │ vdb   │ 512 MiB │ -          │ -    │ YES       │ -           │
└─────────────────────┴────────┴───────┴─────────┴────────────┴──────┴───────────┴─────────────┘

Generated 'drives.yaml' successfully.

# Show generated drives.yaml file.
$ cat drives.yaml
version: v1
nodes:
    - name: master
      drives:
        - id: 252:16$ud8mwCjPTH8147TysmiQ2GGLpffqUht6bz7NtHqReJo=
          name: vdb
          size: 536870912
          make: ""
          select: "yes"
    - name: node1
      drives:
        - id: 252:16$gGz4UIuBjQlO1KibOv7bZ+kEDk3UCeBneN/UJdqdQl4=
          name: vdb
          size: 536870912
          make: ""
          select: "yes"

```

2. Run `init` command.

   The `init` command creates a request to add the selected drives in the YAML file generated using the `discover` command. As this process wipes out all data on the selected drives, wrong drive selection will lead to permanent data loss. Below is an example of `init` command:

```sh

> $ kubectl directpv init drives.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ kubectl directpv init drives.yaml --dangerous
```

Author: We should not expose `--dangerous` flag anywhere. A copy/paste such reference would lead to data loss.

│ REQUEST_ID                           │ NODE   │ DRIVE │ MESSAGE │
├──────────────────────────────────────┼────────┼───────┼─────────┤
│ c24e22f5-d582-49ba-a883-2ce56909904e │ master │ vdb   │ Success │
│ 7e38a453-88ed-412c-b146-03eef37b23bf │ node1  │ vdb   │ Success │
└──────────────────────────────────────┴────────┴───────┴─────────┘
```

Refer to the [discover command](./command-reference.md#discover-command) and the [init command](./command-reference.md#init-command) for more information.

## List drives
To get information of drives from DirectPV, run the `list drives` command. Below is an example:

```sh
$ kubectl directpv list drives
┌────────┬──────┬──────┬─────────┬─────────┬─────────┬────────┐
│ NODE   │ NAME │ MAKE │ SIZE    │ FREE    │ VOLUMES │ STATUS │
├────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼─────────┼─────────┼────────┤
│ master │ vdb  │ -    │ 512 MiB │ 506 MiB │ -       │ Ready  │
│ node1  │ vdb  │ -    │ 512 MiB │ 506 MiB │ -       │ Ready  │
└────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴─────────┴─────────┴────────┘
```

Refer to the [list drives command](./command-reference.md#drives-command) for more information.

## Label drives

> Drives are labeled to set custom tagging which can be used in volume provisioning. Below is an example:

Reviewer 2: can we also specify how to control scheduling using labels here? something like https://github.com/minio/directpv/blob/master/docs/scheduling.md#volume-scheduling-based-on-drive-labels

Author: It is covered in `volume-scheduling.md#Customizing drive selection`

```sh
# Set label 'tier' key to 'hot' value.
$ kubectl directpv label drives tiet=hot

# Remove label 'tier'.
$ kubectl directpv label drives tier-
```

Refer to the [label drives command](./command-reference.md#drives-command-1) for more information.

## Replace drive
Replace a faulty drive with a new drive on a same node. In this process, all volumes in the faulty drive are moved to the new drive then faulty drive is removed from DirectPV. Currently, DirectPV does not support moving data on the volume to the new drive. Use [replace.sh](./tools/replace.sh) script to perform drive replacement. Below is an example:
```sh
# Replace 'sdd' drive by 'sdf' drive on 'node1' node

> $ replace.sh sdd sdf node1

Reviewer 2: Can we provide the step by step guide as comments in the script? customers can use this incase if the script doesn't work.

Author: I added those steps initially and removed them later. As commands have to be run conditionally, it is high chance of copy/paste error. If the script doesn't work, steps also won't work. If someone wants to understand what steps are carried out, reading `release.sh` script is quite straight-forward.

```

## Remove drives

> Drives that do not contain any volumes can be removed. Below is an example:

Reviewer 2: Can we also specify what this command does? - that it releases the drive by umounting it.

Author: That is internal, I don't think we need to specify here.
